
    PASSWORD.THD is a special file which when located in the same directory as 
THDPRO.EXE can be used to supply passwords during the testing of password 
protected archives.
    The general idea is to tell THDPRO.EXE three things to enable it to 
determine if a password is required.

    The first "word" must be the name of the file which is likely to be 
password protected. It should include filename and extension in the same 
format expected by DOS. Wildcards are accepted in the filename entry.

    The second "word" is the archive type. This can be any of ARC, ARJ, PAK, 
RAR, and ZIP. The other archive types are not supported by this feature and 
the use of Info-Zip programs under OS/2 also excludes the ZIP type from this 
specification (password protection is not available in all forms of 
UNZIP.EXE).
    PAK reguires a registered version to use this feature. If you attempt to 
use this with PAK archives without a registered version, errors will result.
    Note that the archive type must match the type of the file being checked 
in order for this password to be used. This is done because the "author" 
usually only releases in a single archive type and anyone converting that 
archive to another type is highly unlikely to preserve the password. If the 
archive type does not match what is entered here, THD will not pass the 
password on the command line.

    The third "word" is the actual password to pass to the program when 
expanding the archive. Note that passwords are almost always case sensitive 
and THDPRO.EXE will not modify the case of the word you enter here (the 
filename and archive type are not case sensitive).

    Each of these words must be separated by ONLY a single (1) space. 
Additions of extra spaces between the words will almost certainly nullify the 
usefulness of the entry. The words MUST be in the order of Filename, type, 
password, with only three words per line. (additional comments etc should be 
placed on a separate line else they "may" be passed as part of the password)

    The sample entry below would be useful for people receiving Telegard Gamma 
releases (version 2.99x and possibly version 3.0).

install.tg zip ALIVE
|        | | | |   |
---- ----- - - -- --
    |       |    |
    |       |    > Password to use to unarchive
    |       > archive type
    > file name (wildcards supported)

    So, to activate this feature you need to create PASSWORD.THD in the same 
directory as THDPRO.EXE. With any text editor enter the file name, archive 
type, and password (each separated by a single space) with one such entry per 
line and as many lines as you like.
    Note that since THD will only process this file if it exists, then I 
recommend you only use it if you "regularly" get password protected archives 
which you already know the passwords for.
    Also since THDPRO.EXE will process every single line of PASSWORD.THD, then 
it makes sense to keep the file as small as possible (although few people 
would have a list large enough to noticably impact performance).

    And last but not least, if you can't make heads or tails of this text... 
sorry, that's what happens when things are added at the last minute. In the 
meantime ask around, there's bound to be at least one person in your city who 
can figure it out <G>.

David Muir... Author THD ProScan.
