 WHATS NEW IN MYSTIC BBS 1.07.2

 ! MCFG: The New User Settings 1 -> Language file setting was backwards.
   It'd say "Ask" when it really should have said "Use default".

 ! MCFG: The option New User Settings 2 -> Ask Screen Size was missing from
   the options but available from within Mystic's internal configuration.

 ! Fixed a bug in the QWK system that would cause certain messages in a
   packet to get scrambled.

 ! The QWK system was creating .NDX files for bases that didn't have any
   messages in them.  This is fine for most QWK readers, but there are a few
   that didn't like that.  In addition, the .NDX files were not getting
   created correctly under certain operating systems.

 + Mystic will now restore the screen on the user's side after sysop chat
   modes.

 + Mystic was looking for FILE_ID.DIZ in the Linux version of Mystic.  This
   has been changed to look for file_id.diz instead.

 ! In line quote mode, Mystic would not allow you to quote a range of text
   that wasn't already displayed.

 ! MIDE: When changing the file name during a "Save As", MIDE was not
   renaming the window to the new file name.

 + Added new MPL function: PATHCHAR.  This will allow for MPE programs to
   be easily written to work on both Unix and DOS type file systems.

 ! The index files in Squish message bases were getting written incorrectly.
   I think i've managed to nail this bug but I haven't had any substancial
   testing done as none of my alpha sites run Squish message bases. :(

 + MCFG: Added (ALT+S) Sort into the status line of the file base editor.
   Sorting was always available, but for some reason I never put it on
   the status line.  Even the help listing had ALT-S documented. =]

 + Changed the INSTALL program to use CTRL-S to start the installation,
   instead of the F2 key that was used.  Linux users were not able to
   use F2 over an xterminal.

 + MPL: Added new procedure called GETSCREENINFO.  This is used to read the
   values of the Screen Info MCI codes.  This will come in handy when
   creating lightbar mods which use ANSI templates similar to the rest of
   Mystic.

 ! Fixed a small memory leak in the DOS/WIN/OS2 versions caused when running
   external programs (doors).

 ! Fixed the DOOR32 problems in Windows version.  I had some code commented
   out when I released 1.07.  I forgot to 'put things back to normal' when
   I was done testing some things before the release. =]

 ! Fixed the viewing of the BBS list in the Linux version.  Just the case of
   an error in file casing.  Mystic was looking for a data file in all
   uppercased letters when it should have been lowercased.

 ! Fixed the error with inserting a new menu in the Linux internal menu
   editor.

 ! Fixed a small problem with displaying the time in twelve hour format.
   It'd display 12:01am when it should have said been 12:01pm.

 ! The BI mci code (User's Birthdate) wasn't being displayed correctly.

.------------------------------------------------.
| Mystic BBS v1.07.2 RELEASED : January 20, 2000 |
`------------------------------------------------'
